2 small edits (#166)
mgsvmoddingwiki/mgsvmoddingwiki.github.io: wiki/AI/mgs/mgs.md

Makes Sahelanthropus Idle facing towards the direction of the node for as long as the duration is set to<br><br>
**Node event: `OnTheHill`**<br>
Scrapped, does nothing.<br><br>
**Node event: `OnBaseRoute`**<br>

> Used alot on Hellbound, what it exactly does is unclear<br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used a lot on Hellbound, what it exactly does is unclear<br><br>
```
